Inverse

||LY 3 Settlement Phase - The F(r)iend||


Our survivors return, netting us 3 Endeavors before we delve into our Random Settlement Event for the year. Additionally, Blueborn is a Matchmaker, for what it's worth.


Anticlimactically, our Random Hunt Event of the year is the Open Maw again. Funny, honestly, and the special rules from last year are no longer in play. I may still make use of it, we'll see. Regardless, a settlement event that does nothing is a good settlement event.

Onward to The Fiend: Newbody is found dead, Lawrence Flinches and becomes Codependent. We harvest a Monster Hide from Newbody's corpse. Our new guest also steals 2 of our newly gained Fresh Acanthus. Better than other resources, at least.

Next up, he gives us Implanted Memories (what an insane feature. +1 passive understanding on departure is wild.) and Precious Fragments. I will unfortunately not be pursuing the Seer's Eye this campaign. Really, I don't want to deal with a Blind survivor losing a point of accuracy this early on. We're already hitting on like 7, I'd rather that not get worse. I'm going with Braal's Locks and nominating Doug to benefit, gaining 1 Strength, 1 Understanding, and the Rageholic Disorder.

Lastly, the Scab patterns. I'm not sure we'll be using them right now, as I'd like to hit Society when we can to stop losing survivors to Mortal Terror, but they're interesting nonetheless. We'll see.

Pariah's kind gifts have also bumped us right up to 5 Innovations, triggering the Hooded Knight milestone. Yippee. 

Hooded Knight roll: 1. No can do, using an Unnamed Survivor's Lifetime Reroll > 4. Functionally nothing happens and the Hooded Knight will return in LY 7. At that, we're done and can finally get to the meat of the settlement phase.

First, Innovation using a Monster Bone, Monster Organ, and our Fiddler Crab Spider, plus one of our 3 endeavors. Inner Lantern or Paint. Sure thing, yeah, we'll take Paint. I'm pleased to have Dash before walking into Pariah. Hopefully it sees use despite our relatively weak survival generation at the moment. This adds Face Painting, Pictograph, and Sculpture to our deck. Tough to add so many innovations before we get Symposium, but Paint is too good to pass up in this position, especially compared to Inner Lantern which has a similar number of broadly worse Consequences.

Something of note that's occurred to me after our recent deaths is that our gender ratio is a bit skewed, only 2 men and 7 women remaining. We'll have to be a little careful with our last remaining men for the time being. Not like I'm planning on getting anyone else killed if I can help it regardless.

As much as I'd desperately love to spend the small trove of Pelts I acquired exclusively on some Screaming Armor, as I adore that set, a full Rawhide set awaits:

??? > Rawhide boots
Monster Hide > Rawhide Pants
Monster Organ x2 > Lucky Charm x2
Pelt + Large Flat Tooth > Beast Knuckle  (I've never built this weapon before, but it seems like a reasonable fit for our fourth weapon slot right now, and lets us have an opportunity to built katar mastery for some future Brawling Bow wielder in an ideal future)

We're currently sitting on a Perfect Hide, which makes getting a Barber Surgeon appealing, but we don't have a scrap (other than my Burnish Encephalomatter which I'm guarding with my life) so we can't make a Scav Kit quite yet anyway, as amazing as that would be to have so early. I can wait.

Screaming Brain > Brain Mint (This should be somewhat helpful into the upcoming Pariah fight)
Fresh Acanthus > Dried Acanthus

The Knife Scab tempts me, but our population isn't high or stable enough to dump 2 on it this early, as awesome as it would be for Doug. We'd need to get Bandages as well, which would cost us one of our Pelts.

Pelt + Shank Bone > Screaming Coat (Great pairing with the Long Club right now)

Eproctophilia is making our grid building a little awkward for Beegoo, who I'd like to carry the Grappleclaw as opposed to the Long Club, so we'll be picking up a Monster Grease with our Perfect Organ. Not like we'd be using it any time soon anyway.

Beast Steak + Perfect Organ > Monster Grease

I hope not to lose this to a Frogdog hunt event immediately, but who can predict the whims of fate.

2 endeavors. We've got Drums. beegoo and Doug are getting Synchronized Strike, which should serve them quite well.

We'll go ahead and bank our remaining resources:

Love Juice
Skull
Shank Bone

I'm going to reserve my judgement on what we're going to hunt this coming year for when the next week's special Parallel Play rules drop, since I'm mostly happy to hunt either, but leaning toward Antelope for more Acanthus and safety against losing our Monster Grease to a hunt event. The gist of our departing grids are as follows:

Doug: Rawhide set, Brain Mint, Beast Knuckle, Lucky Charm
Swindle (A new face!): Screaming Coat, Long Club, Cloth
Blueborn: Spiked Buckler, Cloth, Dried Acanthus
beegoo: Frogdog Boots, Lucky Charm, Frogdoggles, Grappleclaw, Cloth, Monster Grease, Founding Stone

Looking at these grids, using our last pelt on a second Rawhide Headband is way too good to pass up, so we will and pop it in beegoo's grid. Rip Screaming Set for a little while longer.

And our departing bonuses are looking a little better. Only beegoo is going out without any Survival on hand.