Inverse

||LY 1 - First Day||

Our remaining Prologue survivors, Lawrence, Doug, and beegoo return the the settlement and name it Inverse, refilling their 1 survival if they had spent it.

We resolve our Fated First Day and gain 8 additional survivors for the settlement, bringing our total up to 11

On to Returning Survivors, Lawrence is the brave inventor of Language that must Skip Next Hunt, and gain +1 Courage and Understanding. 

Next we resolve Principle: Death thanks to Dorg's death in the Prologue. Contrary to my usual play pattern, I'll be choosing Cannibalize because we'll be having the Pariah in this campaign, which may alleviate some of the pain that taking it over Graves can cause. This also bumps our Survival Limit up to 3.

The roll result is 9, so we nominate beegoo to gain +1 speed.

I'll go ahead and use one of the two love juices we were fortunately afforded by the Prologuedog to run our first Intimacy between 2 of our Unnamed Survivors.

The roll result is 3. The female survivor dies and the male one gains 3 insanity and Aichmophobia. We add a Skull to our settlement storage via Cannibalize. Good thing we had a second love juice I guess.

Love juice 2's roll result is a 10! Fortune shifts pleasantly in our favor, giving us twins.

Blueborn and Shoeborn will be raised Without Mercy, providing us Survival of the Fittest, which gives every survivor present and future 1 Strength, Evasion, and Lifetime Reroll, and also increases our Survival Limit to 4.

Our roll result on Principle: New Life is a 6, giving Shoeborn 2 Courage, Tough, and a random Disorder - Quixotic!

We have 3 endeavors, we'll spend 2 on getting the Skinnery and Organ Grinder.

As I'm giving unusual and often foolish things a chance, I think I'll go ahead and innovate year 1 after crafting a Grappleclaw, Long Club, and Frogdog Boots using the special LY 1 Froskrafter we were afforded. hopefully the strength of my weapons can push me through the otherwise highly intimidating LY 1 Frogdog without too many casualties.

We draw Ammonia and Drums. On principle I'll be taking Drums despite the fact that we can't use them quite yet. This adds Song of the Brave and Forbidden Dance to the Innovation deck. Our resources are officially spent, we're left with 1 Burnished Encephalomatter and 1 Skull in our Settlement Storage at the end of this year.

We have no choice but to set out to hunt another Frogdog this year, so a Level 1 Frogdog we shall hunt. beegoo will be equipped with the Frogdog Boots and Grappleclaw accompanied by Blueborn using the Long Club and Shoeborn and Doug in starting gear. Fingers crossed.